[Marketplace Contribution] Recorded Future Feed - Content Pack Update (#32316)
demisto/content: Packs/FeedRecordedFuture/ReleaseNotes/1_1_0.md

#### Integrations

##### Recorded Future RiskList Feed

> - %%UPDATE_RN%%

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- %%UPDATE_RN%%
```
Make sure to replace this line with the changes you added to the integration.

#### Integrations

##### Recorded Future RiskList Feed

- Added a suspicious threshold parameter that allows users to change the range of risk scores that set a Suspicious verdict. Indicators with a risk score between the IOC Risk Score threshold and the Suspicious Threshold will be given an unknown verdict

> - Changed the default suspicious threshold to be a risk score of 25 to match Recorded Future standards (was previously 5)

Reviewer 2: New JSON with the break alert has been added

> - Changed the default suspicious threshold to be a risk score of 25 to match Recorded Future standards (was previously 5)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
***Breaking Changes*** The default range for Recorded Future Risk Scores mapped to a Suspicious Verdict has been changed. The previous range was risk scores 5-64 (inclusive). The new range will be risk scores 25-64 (inclusive). Indicators greater than 64 will still be given a Malicious verdict, and indicators less than 25 will now be set to an Unknown verdict. The IOC Threshold, Suspicious Threshold, and Malicious Threshold can all be adjusted in the integration settings.
```

Let's put this right under "##### Recorded Future RiskList Feed" in line 6.
